README.md, before:

# A guide for my students on how to use mentoring sessions

## Booking a session
 - Visit [Calendly](https://calendly.com/antonija1023)
 - Pick a slot that is available

## When can you book a session?
 - All the slots on Calendly are adjusted to my schedule
 - If the slot is free, it means I am available in that time
 - I update Calendly regularly
 - Sessions can be booked 24 hours ahead

## When to book a session?
 - First session
   - When you want to discuss the idea
   - When you have the wireframes ready
   - When you want to discuss about how are you going to code the project

 - Second session
   - When the project is 30% or 50% done
   - When you coded something
   - When there is code I can review

 - Third session
   - When project is done 90% or more
   - When you fixed all the problems we spotted on the 2nd session
   - When you are just about to submit the project, but you want me to check it one more time before you do  

## Cancelling a session 💔
 - if you need to cancel, please do it at least 24 hours before the session
 - Please do not cancel in the last minute (a few hours before the session)

## Get the most out of CI support
 - Contact me if you have blockers (Slack, mail)
   - You should not be stuck for more than one day
 - Contact tutors for help
 - Contact leads for help
 - Contact student care for help
 - Contact other students for help

## Tips
  - Do not wait too long to book a session. We need to make sure that you are going in the right direction
  - Code does not have to be perfect when you contact me
  - Do not hesitate to contact me
  - Learning alone is the hardest way to learn
  - Ask me anything about coding or career
  - Feel free to update me on your progress regularly. I want to know how are you getting on!
  - I am curious about the grade you got on the projects
    - I am happy and proud when you got high score! 🕶️
    - Feel free to share assessment results with me

Commit message:

if student can't find a free slot

README.md, after:

# A guide for my students on how to use mentoring sessions

## Booking a session
 - Visit [Calendly](https://calendly.com/antonija1023)
 - Pick a slot that is available

## When can you book a session?
 - If you can not find a time that suits you, feel free to contact me and we will figure something out
 - All the slots on Calendly are adjusted to my schedule
 - If the slot is free, it means I am available in that time
 - I update Calendly regularly
 - Sessions can be booked 24 hours ahead

## When to book a session?
 - First session
   - When you want to discuss the idea
   - When you have the wireframes ready
   - When you want to discuss about how are you going to code the project

 - Second session
   - When the project is 30% or 50% done
   - When you coded something
   - When there is code I can review

 - Third session
   - When project is done 90% or more
   - When you fixed all the problems we spotted on the 2nd session
   - When you are just about to submit the project, but you want me to check it one more time before you do  

## Cancelling a session 💔
 - if you need to cancel, please do it at least 24 hours before the session
 - Please do not cancel in the last minute (a few hours before the session)

## Get the most out of CI support
 - Contact me if you have blockers (Slack, mail)
   - You should not be stuck for more than one day
 - Contact tutors for help
 - Contact leads for help
 - Contact student care for help
 - Contact other students for help

## Tips
  - Do not wait too long to book a session. We need to make sure that you are going in the right direction
  - Code does not have to be perfect when you contact me
  - Do not hesitate to contact me
  - Learning alone is the hardest way to learn
  - Ask me anything about coding or career
  - Feel free to update me on your progress regularly. I want to know how are you getting on!
  - I am curious about the grade you got on the projects
    - I am happy and proud when you got high score! 🕶️
    - Feel free to share assessment results with me
